I want to be able to do a plan Mr
Gunther how do I do it please Mr Gunther
is my dad call me Ian I'll show you
start in a push-up position lean forward
until you feel your feet get a little
bit less pressure off the floor hit that
position hold for about 1 second so you
just start here Lean Forward yeah oh
goodness tuck PL now let's do it do some
shoulder protraction and bring your
knees to your chest lean forward a
little bit let's see you do it all you
do is you push down knees up Lean
Forward what's next after that and you
want to like
what I know the tuck planch was good but
I don't know if it was that you don't
have to like you don't have to go all
the way tuck
plch yeah yeah yeah like that
yeah yep yep that's good it's good it's
good so the next one was just a full
right so you can do like tuck kick
out I want to try
that and then the next step like the
final step you just send it I guess stay
flexy three two one